Hello friends
You are welcomed to the channel you race rush
city ​​of st. petersburg
friends let's start now
the start is a very important movement therefore
Today I will tell you about the start as from
start to go to undermine be
you are attentive for example right
start you must become so you have on
gas cream on the foot I constantly
you don't have to leave the gene socks and on
heels are not like a full stop for this we
have a little bit of a pull out socks
from under the bar so you can see your masks
Russian granddaughters socks turned wide
the shoulders
you can bet a little on one bet
put accept such
so you do not pull the stamp on his feet
so you break many feet pants
must go along well very carefully
calm along him
dragging on only when you
make a position for according to you
should pull up to themselves and not here
should stand up straight and pull out
back back should be some
newcomers tact well you can not both
undermine the barbell undermine and firing and
here you are friends
I constantly why all the time I say everything
time I speak speak speak full
foot
the foot is standing on a complete foot back
stretched like a string you should back and
kicking that risk so you can't drastically
undermine if you don't help your back
the back is necessarily involved and the back and
legs and so do things right not
hurry
not taken off stark risk very
quickly do it wrong you do
you break completely
your barbell direction you should barbell
if you compare you have to remove the barbell
so so you drive into the needle's ear
thread about the fact that there is no sharply
that is, if you started the roar tighten
the bar you do not cover not enough power
undermine and and some there will be an hour
arguing in a small place 20 kilograms
thirty kilo forty fifty is
you can do it very quickly that is
These words are cross-functional
training can do it all quickly but i
talking about extreme weights when you go
on the limiting weights at all most
start learning and correct yourself you must
very gently very gently get under way
that is, you can compare it here
a car about skidding hit the asphalt and
slowly starts to pick up speed
so you must clearly calm
to move
and then when undermining the risk of dative and
then she flies until the number is undermined
while at the top of the tit you will be sharply down
learn guys start is very important very
important
watch your starts so
always professional athletes
prepare well before the start they are very
carefully tuned to start very
I get it right
takes a position
small-small back and forth
wrong you to go direction
out of the bar will not go wrong
then for example you catch any part
body you knees that pick up or when
start up
immediately you express immediately speed
stop instantly therefore
to correct in the bitch kind of seam rod
well you just have to pull it to the
pelvis abruptly give an undermining and put it
neatly racial shelf and she home
does not cling skip pull up and
here gave a piece of iron
david legs from the movie here it is here
too fast they should
because you get too close
you get a corner just your legs and you
can't you beat become a little
touched your shins and solder tighten
when exactly to pull away
knees and the bar itself does not let go
More gently pull pull pull summing
don't get so far
let's undermine the action or can not
as friends of the bar away from you hold
start take the correct full stop
your back is tight and you should
back and legs at the same time and you
Commerce as a spring I repeat
take it slowly
very slowly calmly without any
sudden movements that do not raise
that so it is impossible
no way behind these sharp movements
do it count as a match you lit
it burned everything
that's when you start at the start
legal movement you do not have enough strength
to and undermine understand if you me
don't believe go to limit weight and
try not to do it
do not in any case first you
can hurt her back she could
He is able to play in the second you
Rod goes wrong path
wrong again I repeat
clearly calmly remove and begin
accelerate the fastest speed it
after blasting
so long ago you fly as it turned out
earth it doesn't bother anyone you just
should clearly this of course care neither you
should this account how to properly remove
exactly smooth and beautiful and send it
when undermining how to get your hands off
letting go all the elbows
raise still here
neatly and wrapped and laid
about on the shoulders shoulders hold raised thanks
that you were with me was expanded
im your trainer on you race rush channel
bye see you soon friends bye
or typed